
1)What command is used to start the React local development server?
a)npm build
b)npm serve
c)npm run dev
d)npm start

2)What are Props in React?
a) Props are used for styling components in React.
b) Props are used to pass data from parent to child components in React.   C
c) Props are used to manage component state in React. 
d) Props are used to define event handlers in React.

2)What is Destructuring of Props in React?
a) Destructuring props is a way to extract values from props object in React.    C
b) Destructuring props is a way to create multiple props from a single prop object.
c) Destructuring props is a way to pass props from child to parent components.
d) Destructuring props is not supported in React.

3)What is State ?
a) State is used to pass data from a parent component to a child component.
b) State is used to manage component-specific data that may change over time.  C
c) State is used to define props within a component.
d) State is used for handling events in React components.

4)What is Destructuring of state​?
a) Destructuring state involves removing state from a component.
b) Destructuring state involves breaking down a JavaScript object into individual variables.  C
c) Destructuring state involves converting state into strings.
d) Destructuring state involves updating state dynamically.


5)Conditional Rendering​?
a) Conditional rendering involves rendering components based on certain conditions.  C
b) Conditional rendering is used for event handling in React.
c) Conditional rendering involves destructuring props and state.
d) Conditional rendering is a method of styling components in React.

6) Identify the one which is used to pass data to components from outside
a) render with arguments
b)setState
c)props      C
d)propstype

7) A state in React.js is also known as?
a)The internal storage of comp    C
b)The external storage of comp
c)Permenant storage
d) All

8) Identify the smallest building block of React.JS.
a)Props
b)Elements
c) Components
d)None of above

9) Which of the following are two ways to handle data in react?
a) state and props
b)State and services
c)state and components
d)Services and Component 

10)Choose the method with refers to the parent class in ReactJS?
a)this()
b)super()
c)inherits()
d) all




